Update to serverless docs with links to new sample apps (#25985)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/serverless/_index.md

{{< img src="getting_started/serverless/dd_flame_graph.png" alt="Close-up of two functions" style="width:80%;">}}

The **Flame Graph** tab shows exactly what happened during the duration of this invocation, including which services had the highest percentage of the total execution time. The flame graph displays the request as it travels from APIGateway, through your `create-product-function`. 

If you zoom out, you will also see the entire end to end trace through all of the downstream services.

{{< img src="getting_started/serverless/trace_map.png" alt="Close-up of two functions" style="width:80%;">}}

The **Trace Map** tab visualizes the flow of your services and how they connect to each other.

> If you are viewing a trace with an error the lower half of the detailed trace view will show the details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are viewing a trace with an error, the lower half of the detailed trace view shows the details:
```
